Docs: Contributing folder (#4415)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Contributing/contributing-components.md

---
title: Contribute components
sidebar_position: 4
slug: /contributing-components
---

New components are added as objects of the [CustomComponent](https://github.com/langflow-ai/langflow/blob/dev/src/backend/base/langflow/custom/custom_component/custom_component.py) class.

Any dependencies are added to the [pyproject.toml](https://github.com/langflow-ai/langflow/blob/main/pyproject.toml#L148) file.

### Contribute an example component to Langflow

> You have a new document loader called **MyCustomDocumentLoader** and it would look awesome in Langflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone can contribute an example component. For example, if you created a new document loader called **MyCustomDocumentLoader**, you can follow these steps to contribute it to Langflow.
```
